README.md, before:

# CodeEvalJavaSolutions
CodeEval Solutions Java

Solution List
-------------
#### Easy Problems

1. [Big Digits](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/BigDigits.java)
1. [Bit Positions](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/BitPositions.java)
1. [Capitalize Words](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/CapitalizeWords.java)
1. [Chardonnay or Cabernet](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/ChardonnayorCabernet.java)
1. [Compare Points](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/ComparePoints.java)
1. [Compressed Sequence](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/CompressedSequence.java)
1. [Fibonacci Series](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/FibonacciSeries.java)
1. [File Size](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/FileSize.java)
1. [Find a Writer](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/FindaWriter.java)
1. [Fizz Buzz](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/FizzBuzz.java)
1. [Lowercase](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/Lowercase.java)
1. [Matrix Rotation](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MatrixRotation.java)
1. [Max Range Sum](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MaxRangeSum.java)
1. [Minimum Distance](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MinimumDistance.java)
1. [Multiples of a Number](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MultiplesofaNumber.java)
1. [Multiplication Tables](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MultiplicationTables.java)
1. [Nice Angles](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/NiceAngles.java)
1. [N Mod M](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/NModM.java)
1. [Odd Numbers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/OddNumbers.java)
1. [One Zero Two Zero](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/OneZeroTwoZero.java)
1. [Prime Palindrome](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/PrimePalindrome.java)
1. [Query Board](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/QueryBoard.java)
1. [Racing Chars](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/RacingChars.java)
1. [Read More](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/ReadMore.java)
1. [Reverse Words](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/ReverseWords.java)
1. [Rightmost Char](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/RightmostChar.java)
1. [Set Intersection](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SetIntersection.java)
1. [Split the Number](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SplittheNumber.java)
1. [Sum of Digits](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SumofDigits.java)
1. [Sum of Integers from File](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SumofIntegersfromFile.java)
1. [Sum of Primes](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SumofPrimes.java)
1. [Swap Case](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SwapCase.java)
1. [Swap Elements](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SwapElements.java)
1. [Swap Numbers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SwapNumbers.java)
1. [Unique Elements](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/UniqueElements.java)

#### Moderate Problems

1. [Jolly Jumpers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/moderate/JollyJumpers.java)
1. [Remove Characters](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/moderate/RemoveCharacters.java)
1. [Reverse and Add](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/moderate/ReverseandAdd.java)

#### Hard Problems

1. [String Permutations](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/hard/StringPermutations.java)

Commit message:

9 programs added, 9 files added, readme updated
Amstrong Numbers, Even Numbers, Happy Numbers, Hex to Decimal, Morse
Code, Simple Sorting, Word to Digit, Number of Ones, Sum of Integers
added

README.md, after:

# CodeEvalJavaSolutions
CodeEval Solutions Java

Solution List
-------------
#### Easy Problems

1. [Amstrong Numbers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/Amstrong Numbers.java)
1. [Big Digits](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/BigDigits.java)
1. [Bit Positions](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/BitPositions.java)
1. [Capitalize Words](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/CapitalizeWords.java)
1. [Chardonnay or Cabernet](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/ChardonnayorCabernet.java)
1. [Compare Points](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/ComparePoints.java)
1. [Compressed Sequence](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/CompressedSequence.java)
1. [Even Numbers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/EvenNumbers.java)
1. [Fibonacci Series](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/FibonacciSeries.java)
1. [File Size](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/FileSize.java)
1. [Find a Writer](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/FindaWriter.java)
1. [Fizz Buzz](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/FizzBuzz.java)
1. [Happy Numbers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/HappyNumbers.java)
1. [Hex to Decimal](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/HextoDecimal.java)
1. [Lowercase](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/Lowercase.java)
1. [Matrix Rotation](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MatrixRotation.java)
1. [Max Range Sum](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MaxRangeSum.java)
1. [Minimum Distance](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MinimumDistance.java)
1. [Morse Code](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MorseCode.java)
1. [Multiples of a Number](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MultiplesofaNumber.java)
1. [Multiplication Tables](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/MultiplicationTables.java)
1. [Nice Angles](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/NiceAngles.java)
1. [N Mod M](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/NModM.java)
1. [Odd Numbers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/OddNumbers.java)
1. [One Zero Two Zero](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/OneZeroTwoZero.java)
1. [Prime Palindrome](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/PrimePalindrome.java)
1. [Query Board](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/QueryBoard.java)
1. [Racing Chars](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/RacingChars.java)
1. [Read More](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/ReadMore.java)
1. [Reverse Words](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/ReverseWords.java)
1. [Rightmost Char](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/RightmostChar.java)
1. [Set Intersection](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SetIntersection.java)
1. [Simple Sorting](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SimpleSorting.java)
1. [Split the Number](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SplittheNumber.java)
1. [Sum of Digits](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SumofDigits.java)
1. [Sum of Integers from File](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SumofIntegersfromFile.java)
1. [Sum of Primes](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SumofPrimes.java)
1. [Swap Case](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SwapCase.java)
1. [Swap Elements](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SwapElements.java)
1. [Swap Numbers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/SwapNumbers.java)
1. [Unique Elements](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/UniqueElements.java)
1. [Word to Digit](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/easy/WordtoDigit.java)

#### Moderate Problems

1. [Jolly Jumpers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/moderate/JollyJumpers.java)
1. [Number of Ones](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/moderate/NumberofOnes.java)
1. [Remove Characters](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/moderate/RemoveCharacters.java)
1. [Reverse and Add](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/moderate/ReverseandAdd.java)
1. [Sum of Integers](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/moderate/SumofIntegers.java)

#### Hard Problems

1. [String Permutations](https://github.com/adambose1990/CodeEvalJavaSolutions/blob/master/src/com/codeeval/hard/StringPermutations.java)
